<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   
   <head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
      
      <title>CSS Compatibility</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" />
      <style type="text/css">
         .reference {
             font-family : Courier, monospace, fixed;
         }
         @font-face {
             font-family : district-thin;
             src : url(fonts/distth.otf);
         format("opentype");
         }
         /* Pseudo Klassen */
         #first-letter:first-letter {
             font-size : 2em;
         }
         #first-line:first-line {
             font-weight : bold;
         }
         #hover:hover {
             font-weight : bold;
         }
         #before:before {
             content : "Text davor "
         }
         #after:after {
             content : "Text danach "
         }
      </style>
   </head>
    <body>
    <div class="section" id="lists">
    <h1>Listen</h1>
    <h2>Listenstile</h2>
    <h3>Nummerierungszeichen</h3>
    <ol>
    <li style="list-style-type:decimal"><span class="reference">list-style-type:decimal</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:lower-roman"><span class="reference">list-style-type:lower-roman</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:upper-roman"><span class="reference">list-style-type:upper-roman</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:lower-alpha"><span class="reference">list-style-type:lower-alpha</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:upper-alpha"><span class="reference">list-style-type:upper-alpha</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:lower-greek"><span class="reference">list-style-type:lower-greek</span></li>
    </ol>
    <h3>Aufz채hlungszeichen</h3>
    <ul>
    <li style="list-style-type:disc"><span class="reference">list-style-type:disc</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:circle"><span class="reference">list-style-type:circle</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:square"><span class="reference">list-style-type:square</span></li>
    <li style="list-style-type:none"><span class="reference">list-style-type:none</span>
    </li>
    </ul>
    <h3>Externe Grafik als Listen-Zeichen</h3>
    <ul>
    <li style="list-style-image:url(images/list-style-image.gif)"><span class="reference">list-style-image:url(images/list-style-image.gif</span></li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Listeneinr체ckung</h2>
    <h3>einger체ckt</h3>
    <p class="reference">list-style-position:inside</p>
    <ul style="list-style-position:inside">
    <li> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula
               eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient
               montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. </li>
    </ul>
    <h3>ausger체ckt</h3>
    <p class="reference">list-style-position:outside</p>
    <ul style="list-style-position:outside">
    <li> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula
               eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient
               montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. </li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Listen, eine Angabe</h2>
    <p class="reference">list-style:circle inside</p>
    <ul style="list-style:circle inside">
    <li> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula
               eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient
               montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. </li>
    </ul>
      </div>
    </body>
</html>